Building a web application is like building a house. We must determine our goal and start with the **end** 目的 in mind. 
- What would we like to build?
- Why?
- How will this tool improve our life after we build it?

Right now I'm learning Chinese. A year and a half ago I wanted to find a tool that helped me learn to read Chinese more efficiently. I wanted to be able to read Chinese sentences in a tool that let me read the character if I already knew it, but gave me pinyin pronunciation helps and English definitions for the characters that I didn't know. I couldn't find a tool like this. Every language learning tool showed the pinyin for every character and I would never learn the Chinese characters if I was always reading pinyin. Sure, I could always cover up the pinyin with a piece of paper until I needed it, but this isn't very efficient. Really, I wanted to find a tool that would serve kind of like my own private Chinese teacher sitting in my back pocket, always ready to help me read Chinese and to learn the character.

Since the tool didn't exist, I started to build it. My purpose was to build a tool that would make learning to read Chinese more effective by helping me with characters and words I didn't yet know. I now have that tool and enjoy it very much. Now I want to improve it so I have a new goal in mind. I want a tool that can help me learn to read in any language, not just Chinese. Maybe classical Greek, Latin, or even English (for those who are learning English).

That's the tool we're going to build together in this lesson series. If you want to become better at building useful web applications that will improve your life or help your company offer a valuable service. In our **JavaScript Explained** lessons, we will build an entire web application together, from start to finish, frontend and backend, that will be used by real users to learn real languages. Let's get started!